Thank you for last time, senior
I didn't help you much either
After all, I also picked up a cheap order.
I saved 20 million
But I didn't expect it.
You will marry Lu Tingyue
actually
Well, forget it.
Stop talking about me
Tell me, is the senior not married yet?
I thought I could wait for someone
It's a pity that the senior has someone he likes
After all, someone as outstanding as a senior
A lot of people must like it.
possible
Did he meet someone better than me?
Oh, by the way, do you want to attend the alumni meeting?
Alumni Association?
I'm not going.
This time the alumni association
The school will find a clothing company to cooperate with
Design fall school uniforms
The order is 50 million
I want to take this order.
Can you help me?
Be my outsourced costume designer
If you can help the senior
Then I'm naturally happy.
It's just senior, don't dislike me for dragging your feet.
I never felt
You held me back